Brother, why are you doing this?
From now on
No right or wrong
Only faction
It's not a righteous act
The starting point is even less righteous
I don't want him to sink into the dye vat
Out of the mud without staining
Don't you think
Can he help you find a different path?
The road is made by people
If you walk too much, you will inevitably get muddy.
I'm enough for this kind of thing
Since you decide
I'm sure I can't say more
I'm not qualified to care about you
Everything be careful
If things go wrong
Just leave by yourself
Don't worry about me.
I understand the situation
You did a good job.
What I will arrange later is
Her Royal Highness
This control bug bone is really easy to use
No idea.
Ma Liang
Sophie is under my control
Let you jump again
Can't escape the palm of my princess
I hope you can bring me some more trouble.
Hahahahahahaha